README.rst, before:

=====
OMSTD
=====

.. figure:: doc/images/logo_200x200.png
    :align: left

*Open Methodology for Security Tool Developers*

:Code:          https://github.com/cr0hn/omstd
:Issues:        https://github.com/cr0hn/omstd/issues
:Twitter:       https://twitter.com/OMSTD_project
:Documentation HTML [ES]: http://omstd.readthedocs.org
:Documentation ePub [ES]: https://readthedocs.org/projects/omstd/downloads/epub/latest/

What's this project?
--------------------

OMSTD (Open Methodology for Security Tool Developers) is a list of study cases, grouped and categorized as a guide which to achieve well-built development tools.

Although it can be used to create any kind of tools and in any language, is primarily focused on the development of hacking tools written in Python.

It would be advisable for the reader to read carefully *Getting started* section, from the documentation, it will help you to understand this guide.

Languages
---------

Currently OMSTD is written in **Spanish** only.

**Help to translate it.**

Collaborate
-----------

Collaboration are welcome! You can collaborate:

+ Mailing me :cr0hn<<--AT-->>.cr0hn.com.
+ Using github issues.
+ Forking project and send me patches.

Commit message:

Added changelog section and modified collaborate section to link to long description to read the docs

README.rst, after:

=====
OMSTD
=====

.. figure:: doc/images/logo_200x200.png
    :align: left

*Open Methodology for Security Tool Developers*

:Code:          https://github.com/cr0hn/omstd
:Issues:        https://github.com/cr0hn/omstd/issues
:Twitter:       https://twitter.com/OMSTD_project
:Documentation HTML [ES]: http://omstd.readthedocs.org
:Documentation ePub [ES]: https://readthedocs.org/projects/omstd/downloads/epub/latest/

What's this project?
--------------------

OMSTD (Open Methodology for Security Tool Developers) is a list of study cases, grouped and categorized as a guide which to achieve well-built development tools.

Although it can be used to create any kind of tools and in any language, is primarily focused on the development of hacking tools written in Python.

It would be advisable for the reader to read carefully *Getting started* section, from the documentation, it will help you to understand this guide.

What's new?
-----------

You can read new release information at: https://github.com/cr0hn/OMSTD/blob/master/CHANGELOG.rst

Languages
---------

Currently OMSTD is written in **Spanish** only.

**Help to translate it.**

Collaborate
-----------

You can read a long explaination about how to collaborate in: http://omstd.readthedocs.org/contribute.html
